== BSDSec

this is repo for http://www.BSDSec.net, wanna-be <b>deadsimple BSD Security Advisories and Announcements</b>

=== Motivation

This app is hobby project to learn more about <i>RubyOnRails[http://rubyonrails.org/]</i> and do something possibly useful for <i>BSD community</i>. 

Any criticism[https://github.com/hovancik/BSDSec/issues] very welcome. Please check my blog about BSD at http://DiscoverBSD.com

=== Current Status

This app is in very-alfa stage. 

App does receive emails (with Griddler[https://github.com/thoughtbot/griddler/tree/v0.6.4] and Mandrill[https://mandrillapp.com/]), then save it as Article and Tweet about it (with Twitter[https://github.com/sferik/twitter] gem): 
* FreeBSD 
* OpenBSD
* NetBSD

DragonflyBSD doesn't seems to have any announce mailing list or Security Announces. (Other ditros to be researched.)

App has very simple design, whatever-device friendly. (<b>Any designer here?</b> Would love to get some logo maybe ;] At least for favicon.) 

=== TO-DO
* code refactor ;] (anyone?)
* check other BSDs for SA
* create reddit /r for discussions (so it would be on reddit, app and tweets would have link to it )
* create command line app (eg.: <tt>bsdec --tag freebsd --time week</tt>) 
* upgrade Griddler to version 1
* research possibility to license this with BSD license
* make method for adding more tags (like BSDCan, LibreSSL etc. ) as right now it's just freebsd for FreeBSD list etc...
* testing
* RSS 

== Join! 

Pull Requests are very welcome. 

I do love learning new stuff and I hope this can become community project. I would like to get some RSpec testing on so this all would become much easier. 

Right now BSDSec runs on develop branch (yeah, I know). Might change in future.

== I see ... Errors!

Use Issues[https://github.com/hovancik/BSDSec/issues], so we all can see and figure it out!
 
The same with Ideas and Criticism please!

 






